Website Url : https://pgexercises.com/questions/basic/

1.How can you retrieve all the information from the cd.facilities table?

QUERY: SELECT * FROM cd.facilities;

2.You want to print out a list of all of the facilities and their cost to members. How would you retrieve a list of only facility

QUERY: SELECT name, membercost FROM cd.facilities;

3.How can you produce a list of facilities that charge a fee to members?

QUERY: SELECT * FROM cd.facilities WHERE membercost > 0;      

4.How can you produce a list of facilities that charge a fee to members, and that fee is less than 1/50th of the monthly maintenance cost? Return the facid, facility name, member cost, and monthly maintenance of the facilities in question.

QUERY: SELECT facid, name, membercost, monthlymaintenance 
	FROM cd.facilities 
	WHERE 
		membercost > 0 and 
		(membercost < monthlymaintenance/50.0);  

5.How can you produce a list of all facilities with the word 'Tennis' in their name?

QUERY: SELECT *
FROM cd.facilities 
WHERE name like '%Tennis%';

6.How can you retrieve the details of facilities with ID 1 and 5? Try to do it without using the OR operator.

QUERY: SELECT *
FROM cd.facilities 
WHERE facid in (1,5);    

7.How can you produce a list of facilities, with each labelled as 'cheap' or 'expensive' depending on if their monthly maintenance cost is more than $100? Return the name and monthly maintenance of the facilities in question.

QUERY: SELECT name, 
	case when (monthlymaintenance > 100) then
		'expensive'
	else
		'cheap'
	end as cost
	FROM cd.facilities;   

8.How can you produce a list of members who joined after the start of September 2012? Return the memid, surname, firstname, and joindate of the members in question.

QUERY: SELECT memid, surname, firstname, joindate 
	FROM cd.members
	WHERE joindate >= '2012-09-01';     

9.How can you produce an ordered list of the first 10 surnames in the members table? The list must not contain duplicates.

QUERY: SELECT distinct surname 
	FROM cd.members
order by surname
limit 10;          

10.You, for some reason, want a combined list of all surnames and all facility names. Yes, this is a contrived example :-). Produce that list!

QUERY: SELECT surname 
	FROM cd.members
union
SELECT name
	FROM cd.facilities;   

11.You'd like to get the signup date of your last member. How can you retrieve this information?

QUERY: SELECT max(joindate) as latest
	FROM cd.members;    

12.You'd like to get the first and last name of the last member(s) who signed up - not just the date. How can you do that?

QUERY: SELECT firstname, surname, joindate
	FROM cd.members
	WHERE joindate = 
		(SELECT max(joindate) 
			FROM cd.members);   

